How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
by pinpointing each different change on a separate line

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
lets say we created a new version of our application with new features and it appeared that some of these features where not needed,
so we can use the history to go back to an older version where we didn't have such features.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
In Git you have the ability to choose when to commit a change unlike Google Docs saving changes automatically.
On the other hand, you can lose changes easily if you didn't commit them in Git
unlike Google Docs where it creates a new checkpoint for every change you made.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because sometimes changing a feature in one file requires you to change other codes in different files, so Git will help you to
save multiple changes in one commit, unlike Google Docs that support saving for each file change separately since making changes on one
picture will not require you to make changes to other pictures in most of the cases.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
use git log to view the commit history for a repository, otherwise use git diff to compare two different commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Anytime you introduce a new feature for your program and a bug is discovered you can use the version control to go back exactly where the
bug didn't happen.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I am a curious creature and i want to add this to my toolkits for a better management of my applications.
